Add release notes for 0.137.0 (#6496)
weaveworks/eksctl: docs/release_notes/0.137.0.md

# Release v0.137.0

## 🚀 Features

- Add wait flag to \`scale nodegroup\` (#6406)
- Add support for Spot Interruption Queue within Karpenter (#6460)

## 🧰 Maintenance

- Update build image manifest, tag file and workflows, dependencies (#6488)

## 📝 Documentation

> - Add note on pulling OCI artifact for Karpenter (#6465)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Karpenter doc with note for logging out of ECR repository (#6465)
```
